Add Simbad example about object types criteria (#2701)
astropy/astroquery: docs/simbad/simbad.rst

         NAME SGR A EAST    17 45 47    -29 00.2       4        4    18000.000    18000.000             1        E

Object type criteria
--------------------

> SIMBAD set a maintype for each astronomical object which is related to the real type classification. Other object types are given, which are related to some types coming from some surveys/observations. Depending on your needs, ``maintype`` or  ``otype`` fields can be used.
> To use all subcategories of an object type, ``maintypes`` or  ``otypes`` fields can also be used.
> See the dedicated SIMBAD `documentation on object types <https://simbad.cds.unistra.fr/guide/otypes/>`__.

Reviewer: Minor grammatical comments:
```suggestion
SIMBAD sets a ``maintype`` for each astronomical object that is related to the real type classification. Other object types (``otypes``) are given, which are related to some types coming from some surveys/observations. Depending on your needs, ``maintype`` or  ``otype`` fields can be used.
To use all subcategories of an object type, ``maintypes`` or  ``otypes`` fields can also be used.
See the dedicated SIMBAD `documentation on object types <https://simbad.cds.unistra.fr/guide/otypes/>`__.
```
